CodersNote=Making the original CounterpartAndNotice/2021-08-25.md into a separate section. Notices is an important section and should not be combined with something like Counterparts (which anyway belongs more to document construction, amendment, etc.).  Have done no more than break out the list of ways that notices can be given here.  

Note=This seems an odd set of ways to communicate when there is also electronic paths, including via the blockchain.  Fax?  This seems an opportunity to elect more efficient methods.

CodersNote=Note that this rough listing as Method.x.sec makes each obvious.  To be more perfect, the link to the G/Z/para/s4 widget would also handle the commas at the end of each item and the "or".  We demo that for some other kinds of lists, but not for this kind of inline one.  This kind of thing should be part of a programmable widgets extension of the ProseObject model.

Ti=Notices

Method.0.sec=All notices or reports permitted or required under this {_Agreement} shall be in writing and shall be delivered by

Method.1.sec=personal delivery,

Method.2.sec=electronic mail, 

Method.3.sec=facsimile transmission or

Method.4.sec=by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested,

Method.00.sec=and shall be deemed given upon personal delivery, five days after deposit in the mail, or upon acknowledgment of receipt of electronic transmission. 

Method.=[G/Z/para/s4]

Address.sec=Notices shall be sent to the addresses set forth at the end of this {_Agreement} or such other address as either party may specify in writing.

sec=<ol type="a"><li>{Method.sec}</li><li>{Address.sec}</li></ol>

=[G/Z/Base]
